Threescale 6735 - Reconcile Secrets (replace PR 845) (#861)
3scale/3scale-operator: doc/adding-custom-policies.md

  --from-file=./example.lua
```

By default, content changes in the secret will not be noticed by the 3scale operator.

> The 3scale operator allows monitoring the secret for changes adding the `apimanager.apps.3scale.net/watched-by=apimanager` label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 3scale operator allows the monitoring of secret changes, this can be achieved by adding the `apimanager.apps.3scale.net/watched-by=apimanager` label to the required secret.
```

Author: updated. Thank you

> With that label in place, when the content of the secret is changed, the operator will get notified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the label in place, when the content of the secret changes, the operator will update the deployment of the 
apicast where that secret is used (staging or production).
```

> Then, the operator will rollout apimanager deployment to make the changes effective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: updated. Thank you
